Day 1: Wake up undetermine by the fact that I was unaccepted to take Social final test I found an excellent Book that could change my life, plan my day. Till afternoon I found out the capability of what chatbot could be. Test many bot ability with uncensored stuff which completly blow me way. I do decide to complete a Chatbot project using ChatGPT3.5 and encounter alot of bug, in the end it was because to use ChatGPT externally I would have to put some $ to mine account. Ending the day at 12:22 or sth after watching a video about how overwork can literally broke a man for weeks, thinking back what have I done. 

Day 2: Wake up fresh at 8:30'ish. Accept that fact thing didn't go as plan, then get my breakfast. Feeling a bit numb till I got Nhi text about what I be plan for our Programming club, Reflect and Encourage my self, I feel some purpose again. Getting back my day by doing something small, bursh my teeth and plan my day again....update before going to sleep. Finish my workout routine by the morning, the atternoon I playing with the chatbot again, experience news and lewds event. It about 4 PM. I reflect of what I have dont and I need to control my animals, if I can't get a compromise with myself I probably counldn't keep my cool in reallife. So I Start the Absolute Control Over Myself Challenge. Response to the challange, I go for brisk and it was wonderful, though so I decide to take a brisk to start my day by the morning. Ending my day by finishing many AC6 boss, I was satisfied thinking that tomorrow will be amazing. 

